Add App Platform announcement (#252)
giantswarm/releases: release-notes/app-catalog/app-platform-announcement.md

# Announcing Giant Swarm App Platform
We are pleased to announce that the Giant Swarm App Platform is generally available.

In the past few months, you may have noticed that we have been working on this. We even answered some questions we received as a result of the preview. This has helped us shape the platform and bring it to where it is today.

> The App Platform was designed to support multiple App Catalogs. Let’s take a look at some examples:

Author: ```suggestion
There are two ways to benefit:

* One, install the apps in the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are NGINX Ingress Controller, Kong, and Prometheus Operator.
* Two, build your own App Catalogs and build a pipeline of your own apps into your clusters.

Below, you can find more details on the multiple catalogs in the current App Platform.
```

In this [comment](https://github.com/giantswarm/giantswarm/issues/8444#issuecomment-619953771), @teemow suggested more specific benefits. I agree this wording helps the customer better imagine how they might benefit.

Author: WDYT @Oshratn , @puja108 ?

Author: Similar to posting release notes in Slack, I want to use the summary paragraph in Slack like below.

---

# Announcing Giant Swarm App Platform
We are pleased to announce that the Giant Swarm App Platform is generally available.

In the past few months, you may have noticed that we have been working on this. We even answered some questions we received as a result of the preview. This has helped us shape the platform and bring it to where it is today.

There are two ways to benefit:

* One, install the apps in the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are NGINX Ingress Controller, Kong, and Prometheus Operator.
* Two, build your own App Catalogs and build a pipeline of your own apps into your clusters.

Find more details on the multiple catalogs in the current App Platform here: https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/blob/announce-app-platform/release-notes/app-catalog/app-platform-announcement.md

Reviewer: LGTM!

# Announcing Giant Swarm App Platform
We are pleased to announce that the Giant Swarm App Platform is generally available.

> In the past few months, you may have noticed that we have been working on this. We even answered some questions we received as a result of the preview. This has helped us shape the platform and bring it to where it is today.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past few months, you may have noticed that we have been working on this. We have answered questions and fixed issues that we found as a result of the preview. This has helped us shape the platform and bring it to where it is today.
```

> There are two ways to benefit:

Reviewer 2: The benefits here are a summary of the catalogs below. But I think these are not the benefits of the app platform itself, i.e. installing an app is not a benefit. The second point might be more of a benefit. The benefits are maybe clearer in the 3 points we have on the current app catalog page of our website + the benefit of automating the mgmt of "(sets of) apps on fleets of cluster".

cc @Oshratn

Author: Puja agrees w the suggestion below, so this is resolved.

> * One, install the apps from the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are Kong and Prometheus Operator.

Author: ```suggestion
* One, enjoy peace of mind with managed apps installed from the Giant Swarm Catalog on to your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are Kong and Prometheus Operator.
```

Author: @puja108 re: "benefits". I made an edit to make it clear it's not installing it is not the benefit. I also want to make sure that it flows well w the rest of the text (so did not get all the text from the website which are clearer on benefits). WDYT?

> * One, install the apps in the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are NGINX Ingress Controller, Kong, and Prometheus Operator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* One, install the apps from the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are NGINX Ingress Controller, Kong, and Prometheus Operator.
```

NGINX is already fully supported, so this section might confuse people that we downgraded our support there. Maybe separate out NGINX

Reviewer 3: +1 it reads like nginx isn't fully supported. this will definitely confuse customers.

What about Aqua?

Author: Aqua is in limbo whether Adidas will continue using it. We haven't decided as a team, but the current sentiment seems to be that the only reason to provide it as a managed app is b/c of Adidas. So if Adidas in the end decides to bail, that won't be a a managed app anymore. I don't want to encourage people to ask for Aqua so did not mention here. Same for EFK. Maybe just mention NGINX Ingress Controller and Kong? WDYT?

> * One, install the apps in the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are NGINX Ingress Controller, Kong, and Prometheus Operator.

Author: ```suggestion
* One, install the apps in the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are Kong and Prometheus Operator.
```

> * One, install the apps from the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are NGINX Ingress Controller, Kong, and Prometheus Operator.

Author: ```suggestion
* One, install the apps from the Giant Swarm Catalog on your clusters. Some apps we are working towards fully supporting are Kong and Prometheus Operator.
```

> * Two, build your own App Catalogs and build a pipeline of your own apps into your clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Two, create your own App Catalogs and build a pipeline of your own apps into your clusters.
```

## 1. **The Giant Swarm Catalog**

The Giant Swarm Catalog contains our stable, fully managed apps, with SLAs (e.g. the NGINX Ingress Controller). 

It also contains apps we intend to develop towards that level of commitment (e.g. Kong, EFK).

Please note, not all apps are at the same level of maturity. The fact that they appear in the Giant Swarm Catalog does not make them automatically fully managed by us. Please contact us if you have any questions with regards to a specific app.

![The Giant Swarm Catalog](https://p80.f1.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/lluDyJ14/Image%202020-04-22%20at%209.58.56%20AM.png?v=a356238b6f1a34f5840d3609c743f808)

## 2. The Playground Catalog

The Playground Catalog is our go-to place to create and try things out. 

Mainly, it contains apps that a Solution Engineer has added to help you with a specific issue. 

Additionally, you will find some apps created for non-commercial purposes (e.g. for a blog post or workshop).

![The Playground Catalog](https://p80.f1.n0.cdn.getcloudapp.com/items/z8uxX8wL/Image%202020-04-22%20at%2010.03.00%20AM.png?v=1439b2120f9203b7e4ba13ce26b83af3)

> Bear in mind that we do NOT support Playground apps and they aren’t a priority in terms of our workload. This means they might not ever make it into the Giant Swarm Catalog. What you will get is an app at a basic maturity level at a specific point in time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bear in mind that we do NOT support Playground apps and they aren’t a priority in terms of our workload. This means they might not ever make it into the Giant Swarm Catalog. What you will get is an app at a basic maturity level that should work for a certain use case.
```

making it a bit nicer and less sound like our docs

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is the message we want. We do support our customers with these apps. This is even the reason why solution engineer put those apps there. Because they have build something for the customer. This is best effort and collaboration. We don't do 24/7 on those. But still we help our customers with these apps.

> Bear in mind that we do NOT support Playground apps and they aren’t a priority in terms of our workload. This means they might not ever make it into the Giant Swarm Catalog. What you will get is an app at a basic maturity level at a specific point in time.

Author: ```suggestion
Bear in mind that Playground apps are supported on a best effort and collaborative basis. They are not supported with SLA. What you will get is an app at a basic maturity level that works for a specific use case.
```
What about this? It clarifies that they are not supported w SLA but we still do our best to help for specific use case.

Reviewer 3: Nice. Sounds much better :heart:

> ## 3. Your Enterprise App Catalog

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 3. Your Own App Catalog
```
I think this makes it clearer. Because IMO "Your Enterprise App Catalog" can still sound like this is something Giant Swarm is providing.

Reviewer 2: I like that more too, customers know they are an enterprise (or not), so we don't need to call names here. I understand that in external marketing you might want to make that more explicit

Author: @Oshratn Since this is for current customers, I prefer "Own". Since you suggested Enterprise, do you want to fight against Own? :)

Author: Oshrat agree. Changing all "enterprise app catalog" to "own"

> Finally, the App Platform infrastructure enables you to create enterprise App Catalogs with your own apps. This lets you provide standards-compliant and easy-to-use sets of apps to your engineers.

Author: ```suggestion
Finally, the App Platform infrastructure enables you to create App Catalogs with your own apps. This lets you provide standards-compliant and easy-to-use sets of apps to your engineers.
```

> Finally, the App Platform infrastructure enables you to create an enterprise App Catalog with your own apps. This lets you provide a standards-compliant and easy-to-use set of apps to your engineers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, the App Platform infrastructure enables you to create enterprise App Catalogs with your own apps. This lets you provide standards-compliant and easy-to-use sets of apps to your engineers.
```

> Finally, the App Platform infrastructure enables you to create an enterprise App Catalog with your own apps. This lets you provide a standards-compliant and easy-to-use set of apps to your engineers.

Reviewer 3: Actually not sure if we want "enterprise" in here at all. Does it really matter it is enterprise? What about it is enterprise? Do we mean company-wide, or very secure or compliant? 

I'd vote to leave it out.

Reviewer 2: similar to my comment above: https://github.com/giantswarm/releases/pull/252#discussion_r417889266

> It’s already possible for you to add your own catalog(s) via the Kubernetes API in your Control Plane. We are working on documentation for how to do this. In the meantime, you can request access from your Solution Engineer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It’s already possible for you to add your own catalog(s) via the Kubernetes API in your Control Plane. We are working on documentation for how to do this. In the meantime, you can request access and a preview of said documentation from your Solution Engineer.
```

----------

> We encourage you to check out the app catalogs and try some of the apps there. You can also work with your Solution Engineer to create your own enterprise app catalog. As always, feedback is welcome.

Reviewer 3: "enterprise" again.

Nitpick: Few lines above it is "App Catalog". Here it is "app catalog". We should decide it we use it as a proper name or not.

> We encourage you to check out the app catalogs and try some of the apps there. You can also work with your Solution Engineer to create your own enterprise app catalog. As always, feedback is welcome.

Author: ```suggestion
We encourage you to check out the App Catalogs and try some of the apps there. You can also work with your Solution Engineer to create your own enterprise App Catalog. As always, feedback is welcome.
```

> We encourage you to check out the App Catalogs and try some of the apps there. You can also work with your Solution Engineer to create your own enterprise App Catalog. As always, feedback is welcome.

Author: ```suggestion
We encourage you to check out the App Catalogs and try some of the apps there. You can also work with your Solution Engineer to create your own App Catalog. As always, feedback is welcome.
```
